Timekeeper comparison

"TimeKeeper is seemingly
more effective at keeping the experiment synchronized when
the timeslice length is 3ms rather than 300ms. At the time
of this writing we are unsure of the underlying cause for this
difference, and are working at additional instrumentation in
an effort to uncover an understandable explanation."

"Figure 4 shows us a CDF when we have an experiment size
of 10 LXCs (where 5 LXCs have a TDF of 10, and 5 LXCs
have a TDF of 1), and we vary the timeslice interval lengths.
In general, TimeKeeper is able to keep the experiment virtual
time in sync, but we noticed when the timeslice interval
is .3ms that it did not perform as well. These results correspond
with what we found in Table 1 (where the hrtimers
were not as accurate at a granularity of .3ms as opposed to
higher granularities)"

No evaluation of changing TDF during execution even though it is supported by the API
New TDF switching experiment

Processes (threads) try to compute as many digits of Pi as possible while competing with
each other. In each process the digit computation is periodically interrupted by other
activity which is not time-scaled. For example - more computation of Pi but such that it
doesn't count. Each process is configured in a way such that a main controller decides
whether the computed digits should count or not - say 20% of calls count. Then it takes a
uniformly distributed sample of how many digits to compute in the next call. The only
difference is that calls that count are time scaled by a different factor for each process.
After the processes run for a fixed amount of time we expect the digits that count for each
process to be relative to their TDFs.

From Baltas: "Grau et al. introduced the time-virtualised emulation environment
[54], which dynamically changes the TDF according to some load metric to better balance
the emulation’s resource utilisation. Nevertheless, in both cases the passing of time is altered
at the level of a virtual machine and for all its components. This results into poor granularity
in the level of alteration and restricts these techniques from uses beyond network emulation
like extending or accelerating the duration of an application method to identify its performance
effect."

"However, our focus
here is on fitting such techniques to the particular characteristics of the multicore virtual time
execution, i.e. the generally tight coupling between real and virtual time, the control of the
simulation at the thread level, the scheduling of threads in virtual timeslices, the existence
of profiling and state changing instruments, the dependence on real time events (like I/O
operations) and the high level at which VEX is functioning"